------------
INSTRUCTIONS
------------

1. Open "MyToolbox_KendallWeaver.py" in the Script Editor.
2. Run the script. 
3. The window that opens is the main Toolbox. Simply click on the Button of the script you want to run.
	a. Random Placement Generator Script
		1. Select the object(s) you want to duplicate.
		2. In the Duplicate Field, type in how many duplicates you want to make.
		3. In the Range Field, type in the range of where you want the duplicate objects to go. 
			- The first field is the X Range, and the Second one is the Z Range. 
			- The script will register the range you put in as a positive and negative Value
				For Example, if you put in 10 in the X Range, it will understand you mean an X range of -10 and 10.
		4. Once all your settings are complete, hit "Generate"   
	b. Renamer Script
		1. Select the object(s) you want to rename.
		2. Type in the name you want.
			- An example is given of what kind of naming convention will work.
			- NOTE: Please use Hashtags in the naming field for the numbers. This is for numbering everything properly.
				For example, if you selected 4 objects, by using the Hashtags, the script will increment the four objects accordingly.
		3. Once you have typed the name you want the objects to have, hit "Rename".
	c. Create Locator Script
		1. Select the object(s) you will be using.
		2. Hit the "Bounding Box" button if you want one locator in the center of all the selected objects
		3. Hit the "Pivot Point" button if you want locators at the pivot point of ALL objects.
	d. Make Joint Chain Script
		1. Select the objects you want to make a Joint Chain out of.
		2. Once you have selected your objects, hit "Make Joint Chain"
	e. Make Controls and Change Their Color Script
		1. Select the object(s) you want to put controls around.
		2. Select what Shape of control you want (either Circle, Hourglass, Square)
		3. Type in the name you want for the controls. There's an example given about what will work.
			- If you forget to put in a name, the default name will be "controls#"
		4. When these settings are correct, hit "Create Shapes"
			- NOTE: The controls will default to the original control color. See next steps if you want to change it.
		5. If you want to change the color, first select the controls you want to color.
		6. Use the slider to pick a color you want to make the controls.
		7. Once the slider is on the color you want, hit "Change Color"